This is the Introduction
========================
This section introduces you to the introduction, and includes
a short outline of the things you'll find in this page: (1)
The Vick Manifesto


Vick Manifesto
--------------
1. Vick provides a uniform interface to all JavaScript frameworks,
   allowing you to (more) easily move between them.
2. Vick is an consistent way to talk about front-end problems,
   which makes it easier to bootstrap a new project or to add
   developers to an existing one.
3. Vick cannot be allowed to become a leaky abstraction

Much has been said about JavaScript frameworks for single-page
apps. Many great libraries exist to lighten the burden for
developers. Some take the approach of being as light-weight as
possible, while others optimize for developer happiness. A few
even have good answers with regards to automated testing and
dev tooling.

Unfortunately, there remains an issue with every framework
I've tried: they all hate each other. If you write a Backbone
app, good luck getting AngularJS to work cleanly with it. If
you wrote a Ember app, have fun working Knockout into the mix.
Mozilla just released l20n.js. How the heck am I supposed to
get it integrated sanely with Meteor? It's not by coincidence.

Here's the problem I want to solve: a single interface which
addresses, but doesn't solve, my common problems: routing,
binding, templating, etc. Why not solve them? Because they've
all been solved many times. There are pros and cons to each
solution. Easily integrating the right solution for every
problem is what I'm after.

So here's the solution: interfaces, a folder layout and a
plugin architecture. Here is what I'm thinking:

1. a command line utility for
   - quickly setting up a project (`vick create-project`)
   - quickly setting up a plugin (`vick create-plugin`)
   - installing a plugin (`vick install`)
   - running the app (`vick run`)
   - running tests (`vick test`)
   - concat and minifying the project (`vick build`)
   - generating boilerplate in the right places (`vick generate-*`)

2. a specification for all the common `vick`s:
   - router
   - bind
   - template
   - getData/send/ajax/whatever
   - style framework

Things I'll need:

* A module system (requirejs for now, but hopefully a better one?)
* A build system (gulp or grunt)
* A package manager (npm, of course)
* A reference implementation for each core `vick`
* Promises library/shim

Some principles:

* Keep the vick community unified.
  That means everyone can plugin whatever they want into the system
  as long as it plays nice with everything else. Good is getting
  participation. Better is people adding value. Best is that everyone
  adds value in the same direction.
* Don't reinvent the wheel unless the wheel is broken.
  I mean, if some library has a sweet API for routing already,
  use it. Same goes for tooling and everything else. We're
  trying to provide a logical uniform interface, not add more noise.
* Simple, consistent interfaces make for better implementations and
  increase developer sanity.
* Don't solve problems, describe solutions.
  Vick should never be in a fight against another tool. There's no
  need! We're not trying to solve the world's problems. Just trying
  to get a structure in which to apply already-awesome solutions.

Competition:
 - **Meteor**: Bad because it's so closed. The framework shouldn't solve all my problems. Plus the lack of server-side integration options is lame. Optimizes for quick start rather than correctness of interface.
 - **Batman**: I know nothing about it, but similar to Meteor, I think
 - **yeoman**: solves the project setup problem, but doesn't enforce any consistency for the project setup. Maybe v1 will be a yeoman template.
 - **famo.us**: don't know much, but I'm guessing that they solved problems rather than generalizing about them.